en: add security-related documents (#274)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/enable-tls.md

    Configure in the configuration file or command-line arguments:

    ```toml
    cert-allowed-cn = ["dm"]
    ```

### Reload certificates

To reload the certificates and the keys, DM-master, DM-worker, and dmctl reread the current certificates and the key files each time a new connection is created. Currently, you cannot reload the CA certificate.

## Enable encrypted data transmission between DM components and the upstream or downstream database

This section introduces how to enable encrypted data transmission between DM components and the upstream or downstream database.

### Enable encrypted data transmission for upstream database

1. Configure the upstream database, enable the encryption support, and set the server certificate. For detailed operations, see [Using encrypted connections](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/using-encrypted-connections.html).

2. Set the client certificate in the source configuration file:

    ```yaml
    from:
        security:
            ssl-ca: "/path/to/client-ca.pem"
            ssl-cert: "/path/to/client-cert.pem"
            ssl-key: "/path/to/client-key.pem"
    ```

### Enable encrypted data transmission for downstream TiDB

> 1. Configure the downstream TiDB to use encrypted connections according to [Configure TiDB to use encrypted connections](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/enable-tls-between-clients-and-servers#configure-tidb-to-use-encrypted-connections).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure the downstream TiDB to use encrypted connections. For detailed operatons,  refer to [Configure TiDB to use encrypted connections](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/enable-tls-between-clients-and-servers#configure-tidb-to-use-encrypted-connections).
```
